Size limit bytes (#43)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-json_lines: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.2.0

>   - Add decode_size_limit_bytes option to limit the maximum size of JSON document that can be parsed.[#35](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-json_lines/pull/35)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add decode_size_limit_bytes option to limit the maximum size of each JSON line that can be parsed.[#43](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-json_lines/pull/43)
```
